prompt settings docs (#627)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/prompt_engineering/how_to_guides/playground/managing_model_configurations.mdx

sidebar_position: 4
---

# Managing Prompt Settings

The LangSmith playground enables you to control various settings for your prompt. These include the model configuration, tool settings, and prompt formatting.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prompt settings can be configured by clicking the settings button in the playground. 
```

![Prompt Settings](./static/prompt_settings.png)

## Model Configurations

Model configurations are the set of parameters against which your prompt is run. For example, they include the provider, model, and temperature, among others. The LangSmith playground allows you to save and manage your model configurations, making it easy to reuse preferred settings across multiple prompts and sessions.

### Creating Saved Configurations

1. Adjust the model configuration as desired

> 2. Click the `Save As` button in the top bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the `Save As` button
```

  <source src={saving_config} />
</video>

> Your configuration is now saved and ready to be accessed by anyone in your organization's workspace. All saved configurations are available in the `Model configuration` dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your configuration is now saved and can be accessed by anyone in your organization's workspace. All saved configurations are available in the `Model configuration` dropdown.
```

> ### Default Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default Configuration
```

> Once you have created a saved configuration, you can optionally set it as your default, so any new prompt you create will automatically use this configuration. To set a configuration as your default, click the `Set as default` button next to the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created a saved configuration, you can optionally set it as your default, so any new prompt you create will automatically use this configuration. To set a configuration as your default, click the pin icon next to the dropdown.
```

![Setting Default Configuration](./static/set_default_config.png)

### Editing Configurations

> - To rename or update the description: Click the configuration name or description and make your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rename or update the description: Click the configuration name or description and make your changes.
```

import renamed_config from "./static/renamed_config.mp4";

<video
  controls
  autoPlay
  muted
  style={{ width: "100%", borderRadius: "8px", overflow: "hidden" }}
>
  <source src={renamed_config} />
</video>

> - To update the current configuration's parameters: Make any desired to the parameters and click the `Save` button at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the current configuration's parameters: Make any desired to the parameters and click the `Save` button at the top.
```
